you
I should be making a video since I'm
actually doing a mod well Tmax
um the way it works is usually you see
the one that wasn't lamp one headlamp is
always on no other one isn't well I'm
gonna make a jumper which pretty much
jumps the other lamps so I'm going to
have two running lamps and one bright so
sort of this being the bright I'm gonna
have two running lamps and a bright so
if you can see here that's standard bulb
and then you can see it's a larger bulb
and that's actually do a filament 30-30
normally the one running lamp is right
here I can't show you because I just
disconnected everything but I'm gonna
mean old ah I'm going to I'm going to I
can speak I'm going to finish soldering
this and taping this and we're going to
test it alright this is a real simple
video by
I was never really good at soldering and
this is what you do you heat up your
base metal first and then you use your
solder and you just fill it in there so
it's like welding you have to have new
neutral heat meaning both parts that
you're welding have to have relatively
the same temperature so that's that I
can't really do this because I need like
use my hand we really could try to do it
one-handed
I can't I also show you
and there's your finished globular
cluster can't see it too well but I'm
going to crimp it together with my
pliers and tape it and this jumper is
going to connect to make this work
voila tape job is complete we have one
lead to feed to the other side
okay here's the moment of truth
White's work so cool so the dual
headlight mod works and will show you
the blinkers or the brights
you
that's great this tourism the wire isn't
really completely secure I'm gonna have
to actually pry out the metal tab so
it'll actually clamp a little bit about
it it's too tight so it's not really
getting a good contact but it's okay
I put the majority of the bike back
together that's about it really
do all headlight mod works like a charm
through the brights now you can see how
well it's too bright
there you go little headlights c-max in
your face